{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Text body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb120\sa120\cf0\i\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af3\ai\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice.org}{\vern3410}}\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\afs22\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
Installation Guide\line Note: For this assignment we have selected Ubuntu Server based off the roubustness of its support and documentation.\line \line Creating a bootable USB stick on Windows:\line As recommended from the Ubuntu website we downloaded the Pen Drive Linux's USB Installer (}{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.pendrivelinux.com/universal-usb-installer-easy-as-1-2-3/" }\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\afs22{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs22\lang9
http://www.pendrivelinux.com/universal-usb-installer-easy-as-1-2-3/}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}}) The "Universal USB Installer aka UII is a Live Linux USB Creator that allowes you to choose from a selection of Linux Distributions to put on your USB Flash Drive."\line \line Once downloaded, we found and opened the .exe file (Universal-USB-Installer-1.9.3.6), then agreed to the License Agreement by selecting "I Agree"\line \line On the selection page,\line Step 1: Select a Linux Distribution from the dropdown to put on your USB.\line We selected "Ubuntu Server 12.04.2 i386 Installer."  We made this selection due to it's compatability with the Puppet software and the i386 version being compatable with out x36 machine.  This is not the default setting.\line \line During this step, we selected the box "Opted to Download the iso" which brings up the appropriate Ubuntu page to begin the file download. The default is unchecked.  You can use a previously downloaded version not aquired by the UII and browse to it during the next step.\line \line Step 2: Once your download has finished, Browse to and select the ISO.\line Here we browesed to our file which was deposited in our Dowloads folder and selected it. (ubuntu-12.04.2-server-i386.iso)\line \line Step 3: Select your USB Drive Letter Only.\line We selected "F:\\" the drive for the connected USB stick.  We also checked "Format F:\\Drive (Erases Content)" to clear the USB of any data that might hinder the installation.  This will format the drive as Fat32. You will need to use a USB with a minimum of 2GB to prevent installation issues.\line \line Based off our selections about, the Universal Installer will perform the following actions:\line 1) Close Explorer Windows - Allowes (F:) to be Fat32 Formatted\line 2) Fat32 Format (F:) - All Data will be Irrecoverably Deleted\line 3) Create Syslinux MBR on (F:) - Existing MBR will be Overwritten\line 4) Create Pendrive Label on (F:) - Existing Label will be Overwritten\line 5) Install (Ubuntu Server 12.04.2 i386 Installer) on (F:)\line \line If these actions seem appropriate, to preform, you select "Yes" on the following screen.\line \line The installer will now run.  For our settings, the process took around 5+ minutes.  When completed, it is okay to close out of any windows and eject the USB drive.\line \line Install:\line Insert USB -->Turn System on --> F12 --> System Startup --> Boot from usb\line \line Language screen: Select English\line Select Install Ubuntu Server from list\line Select a Language: English\line Select a Location: United States\line Configure the Keyboard: No --> English (US) --> English (US) (It detects hardware)\line It loads additional components and configures the network \'96 you do nothing\line \line If you aren't connected to the network you should get a warning after the configuration has completed.  We were not connected to the network due to security issues, displaying the warning.  Select continue to move on.\line \line We are asked if we wanted to configure the network manually.  Choose \'93Do not configure the network at this time\'94\line \line Configure the network: Enter the hostname for this system.\line This is a single word that identifies your system to the network.  If you are on a shared network, it's good to let your system administrator know this name or ask what it should be.  If this is a personal network, you can choose something meaningful to you.  Continue moves you forward.\line \line Set Up Users and Passwords: Full name for the new User\line A user account will be created for you to use instead of the root account for non-administrative activities.  Here you enter the real name of this user.  This information will be used for instance as default origin for emails sent by this user as well as any program which displays or uses the user's real name.  Enter the full name for the new user.  Continue moves you forward.\line \line Set Up Users and Passwords: Username for your account\line Select a username for the new account.  The username should start with a lower-case letter, which can be followed by any combination of numbers and more lower-case letters. Enter username for your account.  Continue moves you forward.\line \line Set Up Users and Passwords: Choose a password for the new user\line A good password will contain a mixture of letter, numbers and punctuation and should be changed at regular intervals.  Choose a password for the new user.  }{{\*\bkmkstart __DdeLink__0_1263539401}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Continue moves you forward.}{{\*\bkmkend __DdeLink__0_1263539401}\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line Set Up Users and Passwords: Re-enter password to verify\line Enter the same user password again to verify you have typed it correctly. Re-enter password to verify.  Continue moves you forward.\line \line Set Up Users and Passwords: Weak Password\line If you enter a password that consists of less than eight characters, which is considered too weak, you will be asked if you want to choose a stronger password.  If you want to use the original password, select yes, else no.\line \line Set Up Users and Passwords: Encrypt your home directory\line You may configure your home directory for encryption, such that any files stored there remain private even if your computer is stolen.  The system has the ability to mount your encrypted home directory each time you login and automatically unmount when you log out of all active sessions.  We selected yes, to encrypt our home directory.\line \line Configure the Clock: Select your time zone\line We selected Pacific\line \line Partition Disks: Select Partitioning method: Guided \'96 use entire disk (LVM option)\line The installer can guide you through partitioning a disk (using different standard schemes) or, if you prefer, you can do it manually.  With guided partitioning you will still have a chance later to review and customize the results.  Of the options, we selected \'93Guided \'96 use entire disk and set up LVM\'94\line \line Partition Disks: Select disk to partition\line Note: All data on the disk you select will be erased.  We selected our only available partition.\line \line Partition Disks: Write the changes to disks to configure LVM\line Before the LVM can be configured, the current partitioning scheme has to be written to disk.  These changes cannot be undone.  After the LVM is configured, no additional changes to the partitioning scheme of disks containing physical volumes are allowed during the installation.  Confirm your current partitioning scheme by selecting yes, else no.\line \line Partition Disks: Amount of volume group to use for guided partitioning.\line You may use the whole volume group for guided partitioning, or part of it.  If you use only part of it, or if you add more disks later, you will be able to grow logical volumes later using LVM tools, so using a smaller part at installation time may offer more flexibility.  We used the max which was pre-entered.  Continue moves you forward.\line \line Patition Disks: Write the changes to disk?\line If you continue, the changes listed on the screen will be written to the disks.  We selected yes to move forward.\line \line Installing the Base system (You do Nothing)\line \line Configuring tasksel: How do you want to manage upgrades on this system?\line By default, updates need to be applied manually using package management tools.  Alternatively, you can choose to have this system automatically download and install security updates, or you can choose to manage this system over the web as part of a group of systems using Canonical's Landscape service.  We selected \'93No automatic updates.\'94\line \line Software Selection: Choose Software to install\line At the moment, only the core of the system is installed. To tune the system to your needs, you can choose to install one or more of the listed predefined collections of software.  We selected none of these and moved forward with continue.\line \line Select and Install Software (You do Nothing)\line \line Install the GRUB boot loader on a hard disk: Install the RUB boot loader to the master boot record?\line If this new installation is the only operating system on the computer, it should be safe to install the GRUB boot loader to the master boot record of your first hard drive.  Warning:  If the installer failed to detect another operating system that is present on your computer, modifying the master boot record will make that operating system temporarily unbootable, though GRUB can be manually configured later to boot it.  We selected \'93yes\'94 to install the GRUB boot loader to the master boot record.\line \line Finishing the Installation (You do Nothing)\line \line PAM Configuration: Continue to reboot\line The installation is complete, so it is time to boot into the new system.  Remove the installation media, so that you boot into the new system rather than restarting the installation. Continue moves you forward.\line \line (Note to change boot order)}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe1033\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa200{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }